Release v3.2.3-1 (#336)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab-desktop: user-guide.md

# Changing the Python Environment used by JupyterLab Desktop

> JupyterLab Desktop comes with a bundled Python environment which has the essential Python packages for scientific computing and data science workflows. For more advanced use cases and specific needs, you can set the Python environment used by JupyterLab Desktop to another `conda` or `venv` virtual environment available on your computer. This feature also allows you to reuse the same Python environment, that has your custom package installations, when you upgrade to a newer version of JupyterLab Desktop. You can change the Python environment by following the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JupyterLab Desktop comes with a bundled Python environment which has the essential Python packages for scientific computing and data science workflows. For more advanced use cases and specific needs, you can set the Python environment used by JupyterLab Desktop to another `conda`, `venv`, or `pyenv` virtual environment available on your computer. This feature also enables you to reuse the same Python environment, that has your custom package installations, when you upgrade to a newer version of JupyterLab Desktop. You can change the Python environment by following the steps below.
```
